hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed today I'm going to answer a
question I was asked yesterday at lunch
that was quite surprising and probably
one that a lot of other people are
asking but before I do that let's give
you a bit of context we're in huan
Vietnam where you get a lot of Travelers
it's a beautiful place on the coast uh
you probably see in my personal profile
many of my beach pictures uh it's a
beautiful place but we were meeting uh
for lunch just to talk business and of
course you know what I'm going to talk
about right Ai and you know I asked them
how they're using AI in their businesses
and they're not they sort of haven't
figured out how to really harness it yet
um very surprising they're aware of AI
but they haven't sort of figured out the
path to utility or value or how they can
use it to actually improve their
businesses and that was very surprising
to me and then I was asked a question
yeah but aside from content creation
what does AI good for you know and
they're talking about content Creation
in terms of marketing so aside from that
use case they didn't really understand
how it could be used so the question was
what other use cases really are there
for AI Beyond just content
creation well for me there's a use case
that is significantly higher it's
probably my favorite and most used use
case and that is smart strategy these AI
models are exceptional at developing
strategy and when you give it plenty of
context and uh you're able to sort of
give it a really good outcome that
you're looking for so what do we want
strategy because we want to be able to
achieve an outcome so what AI can do is
align the strategy to that outcome get
rid of all the Clutter and the problem
is in our current businesses and walks
of life we have a lot of clutter there's
a lot of noise a lot of fluff you know
how much busy work are you doing each
day that does doesn't actually move you
forward compared to how much time you're
spending on say Revenue generation or
Revenue generating activities that I
like to call them so we have to think
about you know if we're going to create
strategy then it needs to move us to an
outcome and the AI will do it in a way
that gives you absolute Crystal Clear
Clarity without that fluff without that
distraction and it will show you exactly
what you need to focus on for you to
move forward and Achieve that goal now
that is a pretty powerful use case but
we're still just scratching the surface
when we talk about it at that level yes
we can get smart strategy yes we can
align that strategy to the outcomes we
want but there's a third piece of this
puzzle that will blow open a very deep
level of AI and probably unlock what I
think is the most valuable way to use AI
for us today and when I say us I'm
talking about those of us that probably
aren't technical we're not in coding
we're not in um developing software and
SAS you know we're end users we're using
these tools like chat GPT and Gemini
we're not building the tools so anyway
we you know so so how do we use it aside
from content
creation so that third part of the
strategy is us our wiring our
DNA uh you know the way we tick and when
the AI can align the strategy to both
our wiring and the outcomes that we're
looking for what do you know you're
going to be able to create a path
forward that is very unique to you like
a fingerprint it is a path perfectly
designed for the way you are wired and
we can do that now today that is a
capability of AI that we've already
unlocked let me give you an analogy that
I've spoken about before that will help
you understand this and that's um when I
was talking about the death of the guru
okay you know your gurus like Alex hosi
Russell Branson you know they make a
metric ton of money from people that are
paying them to replicate their
success yet the the harsh and ugly truth
is less than sort of five or 10% of the
people that pay their money even see any
movement in the needle you know Russell
Brunson said when they had 100,000
subscribers that 84% of them had made
less than
$1,000 um in lifetime using the
clickfunnels platform wow now folks let
me tell you this if you were selling a
car or a product in the market that
worked 5 to 10% of the time you're going
to go out of business yet these gurus
will tell you it's your fault you're
just not right but think of it like
you're a cheater think about a cheater
standing on a stage telling everyone how
to run fast holding up trophies for
winning all the races and saying I'm
going to teach you how to have all the
same success that I have and the
elephant sitting in the crowd is what
okay let me tell you folks when that
cheater is giving advice on how to run
fast that elephant isn't going to learn
how to run fast because it's just not
wired like a cheatah and that's the
problem in the guru industry when you're
following other people's path that's the
path that they figured out that worked
for them and they sell you their path
but if you're not wired for it if you're
the elephant and not the uh cheatah then
it's you're just literally setting
yourself up for failure and you can
never work yet these gurus tell you it's
your fault you didn't try hard enough
all that grinds my gears folks so anyway
let me let me calm down and move on so
this is the power of AI it's the end of
the guru industry instead of having to
go listen to cheaters and look at all
their success and desire it for yourself
you can actually sit down with AI tell
it all about yourself tell it what your
goals are and it will fill in the
missing piece which is a strategy on how
you can get there you can create right
now today a personalized path that will
help you break through any glass ceiling
you've got in your life in business it
will help you break your Revenue targets
it will help you build
consistency and in your personal life
it'll help you overcome the things that
have probably held you back uh because
it's just going to understand you and
it's going to create a path that is
wired for you so it's going to be easier
now folks there is a saying you can lead
a horse to water but you can't make it
drink what I'm doing here folks
I'm not calling you Elephants or horses
by the way these are just
analogies um you know I could have said
sloth but you know that would be me uh
anyway so you can lead a horse to it but
you can't make it drink what I mean by
that is we give you a lot of free value
here we give you the guides we have free
custom GPT guides we have prompts we
have prompt structure training we give
you so much free information that you
can learn how to do all of this yourself
yeah we have some paid programs that'll
accelerate that for you but at the end
of the day when it comes to something as
important as personalized strategy
that's knowledge that should be freely
shared and it's something I do give for
free in the form of project U decoded
which is a template with some prompts
and a walkthrough guide and a video
master class that tells you how to build
it so that you can build that essential
context document that will give the AI
the information it needs to create this
strategy to lead you towards your goals
your dreams you know for whatever it is
I know the impact is having in my life I
talked about that in yesterday's video
where I was getting a bit more personal
but today I just wanted to answer the
question aside from content creation
what is AI good for for non-technical
people like us well let me tell you
content creation is number two that
smart strategy to blaze your own path
and create a unique path that's wide for
you I mean if that doesn't get you
excited I don't know what does I know
I'm sounding like a stuck record but I
really want you to understand how
powerful all this stuff is we are on The
Cutting Edge in the biggest revolution
in human history we know AI is going to
disrupt industry we know it's going to
transform Society probably not as fast
as people think though because you know
humans are part of that equation and
we're slow to change we resist change in
a lot of ways so we'll dictate the pace
of that change while the technology or
we ahead we won't adopt it immediately
anyway that means we have a bit of time
to really get into this stuff to build
ourselves strategy in business and
personal development whatever it is and
we can be at the Forefront of what is
going to be the greatest revolution in
history now I squandered the internet
yep few great years I remember the dial
up internet days and I had a little
startup dealing in Internet safety
actually um and it could have been huge
it was a cool little company but I was
young I squandered the opportunity but
with AI thank goodness folks we have
this amazing blue ocean in front of us
and it is untapped and most people
when they think about AI in a
non-technical way they're thinking about
content creation very few people are
using it for deep strategy that can
Propel you forward we have an edge here
folks but as I said you can lead a horse
to water but you can't make it drink I
can't force you to do this but if you
want to make you know make realistic and
meaningful change in whatever situation
and you want to be able to achieve the
goals that you've got for yourselves
this has the power to set you free and
it's doing it for me I talked about that
in yesterday's video as I said and in um
getting a bit personal so anyway folks
here I am again getting ready to keep
waffling I won't rant but look forget
the gurus forget Alex hosi forget
Russell Brunson their their PS work for
them and if you're not identically wired
to them you're just getting sucked in by
good marketing and you're going to throw
all your money away and you're not going
to move the needle and you're going to
be told it's your fault gosh I hate the
guru industry so much anyway I said I
wouldn't rant so folks project you
decoded link is in the comments if you
are Keen to get into that you can get
that uh template absolutely free and if
that doesn't get you out of bed well
have a good snooze and I'll see you on
the other side of the AI Revolution or
I'll see you in tomorrow's video peace